When Uncle Pepe died, all he left us with was enough money to pay this month's rent, and his hot dog stand. To us, it wasn't much, but to Pepe, this was his livelihood. And whether I liked it or not, this was going to be my livelihood from here on out if I wanted to survive and support the family. Whatever happens, I'm proud to carry on the legacy of Uncle Pepe. Pepe's Hot Dogs is back open for business.

Uncle Pepe loved serving this community. In fact, he cared so much about the wellbeing of these people, he sold his hot dogs close to cost, which is why he left us with so little. This is also why I should not have procrastinated on getting this thing back off the ground, because now I basically have no money, but I want to keep Pepe's spirit alive in selling affordable hot dogs. Thankfully, the rest of the family had a scrap of savings to keep me going for the rest of the week, so I have no choice but to continue.

Something you might not realize about running a food truck, or just any restaurant in general, is that there are so many things to clean. Like, seriously. I don't even have real plates or silverware for the customers, just paper plates and plastic cutlery, yet I have so much to clean at the end of the day. I have to wipe off the grill, sweep up all the foodstuff that ends up on the floor of the truck, pick up all the garbage the customers leave behind, clean off the walls of the truck that somehow end up filthy after everything, ugh. I had no idea this job would be so tedious.

Despite my fumbled start, I think that things are starting to look up. Everything's pretty much become stable. I can pay rent, afford the costs to run the hot dog stand, and I even have a little money for myself. I think I could keep going like this.

I've decided to step up and get some more upgrades for the business. I realized that if I want to continue Pepe's legacy, I need to work harder and stop selfishly using all the profits for myself. I've bought advertising space to spread the word, I've obtained better tools for making hot dogs faster, and I'm looking at even hiring some people to help out.