Today is the day. I'm quitting my day job, and taking my financial well-being into my own hands. From here on out, I'm going to be my own boss. Stocks, bonds, mutual funds, crypto, NFTs; whatever I can make money on, I'm getting my hands on it. Here's to the hustle!

It's my first day on the grind, and I've already joined Crypto.com, Robinhood, OpenSea and r/wallstreetbets. I feel I'm truly ready to begin embark on my day trading journey. I've already met some like-minded forward thinkers, and we're thinking about pooling our resources and investing into a hedge fund to maximize our earnings during Market Open. Either way, I'm excited to see where things go in my investment career.

Despite how well things have been going for the past week, my wife wants me to "get a real job" that's "outside of the house". Doesn't she see the value of the work I'm doing here? I'm contributing to the free market by investing in the innovative startups and trustworthy corporations that help the economy run. And I get to do this all while working from home, where I can order delivery from my favorite restaurant chains. Where she has to slave away for a wage every day, I get to be my own boss, and the harder I work, the more I make. I see this as an absolute win!

Despite the frequent rises and falls in the market, things generally just keep going up. This is indicative of a very healthy and sustainable economy! The volatility of it all just makes things more exciting. In bull markets, you wanna sell, and in bear markets, you wanna buy. That way, you take advantage of the suckers who aren't staying ahead of the curve and paying attention to the news throughout the industry. I've already made a lot of money this way. Thankfully, I've avoided scenarios like that by conferring with my team of traders to cover all my blind spots.

Things just keep getting better and better. I've been spending even more time lately working on my portfolio, including doing research and collaborating with other traders even while the market is closed. My assets have grown exponentially, and I have more money now than I ever have before. I have large enough stakes in certain companies that I'm regularly invited to earnings calls, and I've even gotten a few care packages from the ones I have the largest investments in. Sure, the wife has been hounding me about not being present around the house in spite of the fact that I have been working and living at home 100% of the time for the past few months, but just look at the progress I've made! I've basically sacrificed my personal life to get to this point, so it's only fair that she should do the work around the house after she gets back from her job. By that point, I'm still locked in my office so I can have the privacy to focus on working around the clock, staying up to date on my stocks and crypto. I wish she could understand how important this is to me.

My team of traders has suddenly turned on me after I made a bad call. I told a few of them to invest in a certain company. I invest in a competitor to that company. I personally believe that the two companies are currently engaged in a healthy competition, and the continuous historical rise of both their stocks meant that supporters of either side will always come out on top. That said, I did have a contact within the company that I am invested in, and I recently heard about a huge new project they were going to announce, so I bought some more shares. And after that project was made public, their competitor's stock plummeted, and my fellow traders lost a lot of money. They were all accusing me of "insider trading" and not "keeping them in the loop", but I was personally acting in my best interest with the information I was had at the time. I was only expecting my stock to go up, not theirs to go down! And besides, taking a loss on a gamble is all part of the game, and if they can't handle that, they shouldn't be in trading. Either way, they've deemed me a traitor, so I've been removed from the group. It's fine though. I can afford to start paying assistants for their expertise anyway, I don't need those guys anymore.

This sucks. The wife has been threatening to leave if I don't quit my job and find something that gives me a healthier "balance". I asked my buddy from grad school for advice, but he hasn't been returning any of my messages. She has given me a week to "get my act together", or she's filing for divorce and moving out. I guess I'd better start thinking about what I'm going to do.

There have been huge developments in the industries I've invested in, so I've been too busy to think about personal stuff. The good news is that my portfolio has once again exponentially grown in size. The bad news is that it's been a week, and the wife has given me her "final warning". She'll be leaving tomorrow if I don't "make a serious change to my behavior" immediately. I guess it's time to pump the brakes on my day trading venture.

Despite my best efforts, she's gone. My own wife rug pulled me. Even though I spent the whole day with her yesterday, she now wants nothing to do with me, and has already blocked my cell phone number and all of my social media accounts. Really, it's her loss. I've become the richest person I know personally, and I have vast influence across various companies around the world as a result of my investments. And I've done it all working from home, as my own boss. I pulled myself up by my bootstraps, all on my own. And if she can't see that, well, that sucks for her.

Even though I've made all of this money, and have all of this corporate power, it seems nobody wants anything to do with me anymore. I've worked so hard to get to this point, spent so many of my waking hours working on my portfolio instead of spending time on myself, and it's like nobody cares. My friends, my past co-workers, my family, my wife, it's like they only care about themselves, they don't want to share in the fruits of my labor. Oh well, more for me!