It wasn't supposed to be like this. I started this career so I could help people. And now, here I am, my arms covered in the blood of some poor sod, about to steal their life for a wad of cash. I would say this is going to be the last time I do this, but let's face it. This isn't going to be nearly enough to get me out of this.

As I suspected, the payout from my last harvest wasn't enough, and I've been forced to continue doing this. And although everyone I've taken from was likely to die soon anyway, I can't help but feel bad about what I'm doing here. Sure, I'm saving my own life, and my family's life, but at what cost?

I haven't been doing this operation for very long, and I've already had way too many close calls. First, I get a phone call while in the middle of a harvest, and then the janitor knocks on the door to the room I'm making a mess in. Luckily, I was able to come up with a good enough reason to make him go away, but I think it's time to reconsider this "debt repayment plan"

It turns out that some of my coworkers are not as morally pure as I'd once thought. In fact, several of them have been doing something similar, and are surprised by how long I kept this up on my own without getting caught. That said, we've all decided to team up for this organ harvesting operation, and things are a lot more organized now. We have lookouts, dedicated surgeons for specific days of the week, and we've blocked out certain rooms from being reserved through the computer system so we always have somewhere to work. It's like an organ harvesting assembly line.

It's been a while since my last update, and that's because things have been (mostly) going well. At least until now. One of the hospital directors we'd bribed threatened to snitch on us to the other directors. And after hearing that, one of the lookouts murdered him in cold blood. There was nothing we could do to fix the situation from there, so we just had to get out of there. Luckily, one of the surgeons had a contact in South America who could help us out. Long story short, we skipped town, changed our identities, and we are now working out of a run-down hospital in São Paulo, Brazil. And although we're now basically starting from scratch again, at least we won't be getting into trouble with the law any time soon.

The operation here in São Paulo took off much faster than expected. In this part of the world, the value of human life is practically non-existent, so we've just been able to drive into the slums with our vans, take people off of the streets, and pay the polícia to look the other way. We're even working on getting the authorities to deliver the people to us themselves. They can easily make up excuses for all the missing people like gang affiliation, illegal weapon ownership, drug abuse, or really anything else that sounds plausible. I feel bad for these people, but I like to think that, if anything, we're really saving them from a lifetime of hardship.

My family has been having a difficult time settling in here. We've all gotten nice high rise apartments in the safe parts of town, but my family is still struggling to fit in. They don't know the area, and since they don't have (or need) jobs here, they haven't gotten a chance to immerse themselves in the culture and learn Portuguese. I'm sure things will resolve in due time, though.

The down side to this situation was that we were basically starting our entire organ harvesting operation from scratch. The up side was that we were escaping persecution from the law, and subsequently, the overwhelming amount of debt I was stuck in at the time. But this has made me realize that there's no point to what I'm doing here. Sure, it does bring in a lot of money, which has helped immensely for moving into this new country and new lifestyle. But we are still hurting a lot of people, and I could be using my expertise for good, not evil. And that's the problem - I've become what I feared the most from the start. I think I like this.

There's a strange thrill to doing things that society has deemed as immoral. When you stop looking at humanity as this sacred, untouchable object, you gain a lot of freedom in the path you take through life. You stop taking your actions on other humans for granted. It all moves from apathy to exhilaration, and your experiences with other people become a lot more meaningful as a result.

Well, what goes around comes around. It seems we might have abducted and stolen from the wrong people. When a few key members of the largest gang in São Paulo went missing by our hand, the leaders of the gang swiftly found out what we were doing, and left us with a "warning" by slaughtering all of our families. Strangely, I felt little from this aside from frustration. I wasn't broken up or distraught from losing my family. I was just annoyed at the fact that this would affect my bottom line, as the gang leader stipulated we could continue in other parts of town. I'm horrified at myself, at what I've become. All I care about is the money I make from stealing the organs of innocent people, and how I can make that process more efficient. And I still wouldn't have it any other way. I would rather just keep moving forward than to have to stop and think about what I've done.